Enhance Sparse Observable Handling and Expand State Initialization (#1068)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### Improvements

> * Added support for sparse `qml.QubitUnitary` gates for `LQubit`, `LGPU`, and `LKokkos` backends.

Reviewer: Let's follow a consistent style in the changelog
```suggestion
* Add support for sparse `qml.QubitUnitary` gates for `Lightning-Qubit`, `Lightning-GPU`, and `Lightning-Kokkos` backends.
```

  [#1068](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/1068).

> * Introduced a generalized sparse gate selection system via the `_observable_is_sparse` method in the base measurement class, enabling future expansion for any number of sparse gates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduce a generalized sparse gate selection system via the `_observable_is_sparse` method in the base measurement class, enabling future expansion for any number of sparse gates.
```
